7	-	Fucking moron why don't just delete RING and etc shit,
			why the fuck you waiting until dude drops a call,
			oh yes because after sending any command you won't
			get shit!
8	-	Check what will happen when you print(double, 2) and double = 0.0
			Could be problems with data length when sending to server
9	-	Add as default parameter AT+CFUN=1
12	-	Buffer overflow is real pain, fix it somehow



17	-	Made all string to be in flash memory

20	-	Check unsigned long SMALL - same but BIG. Will
			return delta time?
22	-	Will sim module answer when doing long command such as
			sending http or connecting to services?
23	-	SimHandler made many functions instead of 1 big to
			handle acting
25	-	When get from CREG shit add some timeout
26	-	Java server can die if AT+CIPSEND get stopped and repeated
			Parser error so handle it
27	-	Shit happening with web and tcp servers, when try to send
			some data it may die for no reason
28	-	Add, if there was no PING action for some time kill
			the connection
29	-	Errors with responses when it take more time than expected
			and program tries to finish work. e.x. http send
			if took too much time and successfully tries to close
			but give an error.
			quick solution will be made read wait for 200ms instead of 50
30	-	Properly test java server

31	-	When connecting to TCP send your current settings and
			if they not good update them
32	-	When deleting something in Arduino table add
			on delete restrict on update cascade
33	-	When Arduino dies but sim works, tcp connection
			keeping alive need to reconnect. Now just sending
			as tries to connect. Maybe when powers up check
			if connection is established if so disconnect it
34	-	Display as class that implements Activity and acts
			as if were multi threaded.
		Also find Russian symbols and made custom for signal
35	-	Error reporting system
36	-	Network and flash handler as chain of responsibility
			when encountered some data
37	-	Good initialization system where everything is displayed
38	-	AT+GSMBUSY=0, declines all incoming calls, add as base parameter
39	-	Continue of 33 - make server when encountered same id or imei
			and already connected to check if it is alive or dead,
			because in most cases it will be dead, and you will have
			remove old version in order to connect new one
			
			